# OPEN SOURCE SPEECH RECOGNITION TOOLKIT

CMUSphinx is a speaker-independent large vocabulary continuous speech recognizer released under BSD style license. It is also a collection of open source tools and resources that allows researchers and developers to build speech recognition systems.


http://cmusphinx.sourceforge.net/<BR>
http://sourceforge.net/projects/cmusphinx/<BR>

http://cmusphinx.sourceforge.net/wiki/tutorialam<BR>

https://github.com/cmusphinx<BR>

Sphinx-4 Speech Recognition System
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Sphinx-4 is a state-of-the-art, speaker-independent, continuous speech
recognition system written entirely in the Java programming language. It
was created via a joint collaboration between the Sphinx group at
Carnegie Mellon University, Sun Microsystems Laboratories, Mitsubishi
Electric Research Labs (MERL), and Hewlett Packard (HP), with
contributions from the University of California at Santa Cruz (UCSC) and
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).

The design of Sphinx-4 is based on patterns that have emerged from the
design of past systems as well as new requirements based on areas that
researchers currently want to explore.  To exercise this framework, and
to provide researchers with a "research-ready" system, Sphinx-4 also
includes several implementations of both simple and state-of-the-art
techniques.  The framework and the implementations are all freely
available via open source under a very generous BSD-style license.

Because it is written entirely in the Java programming language, Sphinx-4
can run on a variety of platforms without requiring any special
compilation or changes.  We've tested Sphinx-4 on the following platforms
with success.

https://github.com/cmusphinx/sphinx4<BR>

#For Android
https://github.com/cmusphinx/pocketsphinx-android-demo<BR>

http://cmusphinx.sourceforge.net/wiki/tutorialandroid<BR>

http://cmusphinx.sourceforge.net/wiki/tutorialpocketsphinx<BR>

http://cmusphinx.sourceforge.net/wiki/tutorial<BR>

#Tutorials
http://mariangemarcano.blogspot.com.es/2012/09/speech-recognition-with-pocketsphinx.html<BR>

https://ronaldramdhan.wordpress.com/2010/03/11/sphinxtrain/<BR>


# Automatic Speech Recognition: From the Beginning to the Portuguese Language
http://www.inf.pucrs.br/~propor2010/proceedings/tutorials/Adami.pdf<BR>
Andr√© Gustavo Adami<BR>
andre.adami@ucs.br<BR>

#Links:
https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=9487<BR>

Speech Recognition with the Raspberry Pi<BR>
https://sites.google.com/site/observing/Home/speech-recognition-with-the-raspberry-pi<BR>

Google Voice for Python<BR>
https://code.google.com/archive/p/pygooglevoice/<BR>

LAPS UFPA<BR>
http://www.laps.ufpa.br/falabrasil/downloads.php<BR>


